Fix instructions for enabling and disabling debug logging (#28712)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_docs/configuration/troubleshooting.markdown

### Enabling Debug Logging

> To enable debug logging for an integration, go to **Settings** > **Devices & Services** > **Integrations** and go to the detail page of the integration. Click the **Enable Debug Logging** button on the left side of the integrationd detail page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable debug logging for an integration, go to **Settings** > **Devices & Services** > **Integrations** and go to the detail page of the integration. Select the **Enable Debug Logging** button on the left side of the integration detail page.
```
